# IS-capstone
Capstone project
CD Investments is a small investment company that works with banks, credit unions, school district, and other government entities to provide investment research and products. The company specializes in the sale and monitoring of the investment product known as the certificate of deposit (CD). When clients make investments, they receive a confirmation ticket with the basic details on the trade. The ticket is sent via mail, e-mail, or fax. 

The purpose of this capstone project is to enable more online features for clients of the financial investment company known as CD Investments. The current web site is lacking any sort of user functionality other than for reference and contact information. Clients who want to purchase investments through CD Investments are required to locate contact information on the website, and contact CD Investments by phone or e-mail to investment in various financial products. The project should accomplish a few major needs for the website. Some examples include the ability for the customer to log in to the platform, search for investments purchased through CD Investments, run reports with filters, create a chat session with an investment broker from CD Investments, and add/modify investments from other sources. Essentially, the information system will be a one stop shop for customers to be able to manage and track their investment portfolio. The investment brokers at CD Investments will be able to perform all of the same uses that the customer will have as well as the option to create and/or update a customer’s account on the information system. 

The data will be created in a SQL Server database. The information system will be created using Visual Studio Enterprise 2017. The suggested methodology in developing this project would be the Joint Application Development (JAD) for a number of reasons: First of all, client involvement will be crucial in this project development stage. Since the focus of the project will be driven on client experience and tools, the project development stage should be focused on the client primarily. Additionally, the nature of the project will necessitate consistent meetings throughout its project life cycle and the JAD method of software development allows such meetings by nature. Finally, there may be continuous adjustments to be made during the project life cycle due to privacy and regulation concerns. When developing software for anything which involves finances or accounting, it’s important to remain proactive regarding the continued software development needs and requirements. 
